what's up guys arrow fear you guys loved
it you guys watched it about three
thousand times and you guys requested
more here is Skyrim attack on titan
mother sewed episode 2 i'm going to
become a Titan right here why cuz I just
don't care and I already supported it
some of you out there yes I do know
self-mutilation is the key to becoming a
Titan you have have you have to have
self immediately and half in a goal in
mind to become a Titan I am completely
aware this I did watch and rings may go
in March then taking a manga anime now
anything anyways anywhos let me do
mentally bitch you got to see everything
I am still as gorgeous as ever except
now the eat them up spell that is right
you can now officially eat people as a
Titan
so I can't eat him oh no no no no no no
I hope he doesn't so because that'd be a
really awkward animation anyway let's
just walk around any people
let's work hard oh no no no no no no I'm
some of the cookie monster can you eat
animals too is it just people and I was
going to point out that in Titan from
Polly skipped over this and titan forum
you can actually use your shout still so
you are now at pfizer breathing Titan I
forgot it completely I wasn't a very
in-depth mod review in the last video
but you guys liked so much you guys
wanted more so now I'm going more in
depth and it's an update so you can I
can I eat that too well I'm 50 feet tall
about a little 3-foot gate is going to
stop me Titans abilities ok we are tuck
way as a Titan your you have increased
weaponless damage vitality stamina
regions health and stamina in combat but
I have rock joint so it kind of kind of
upset thanks will Peck
no no no no you can't infect eat animals
believe as well it regions both health &
magicka I do believe that it's it for
this quick little update video if you
guys like the Skyrim modest owed and
want to see more give me a thumbs up
because it actually asked me a lot
knowing what you guys want to see
there's any other Skyrim mods you want
to see from down the comments down below
you want to see more of me and subscribe
alright guys catching the next one